# 6/5 Update

Good Morning,

## Updates as follows

- If you log in to your square space account, you’ll see a copy of your site. On this copy I removed the background images from the homepage and just replaced them with colors, just so you can see what it looks like without the background images. Once you have your color palette picked out we should schedule a design session (or maybe two) wherein we can work out your new look. I just used tentative colors based on our previous text messages.

- The inventory looks great so far. There are a few “per unit” items missing ingredient lists. It’s a great idea to include all the regular merchandise too.

## Over the next sprint I’m going to

- Change out the background images for colors (with the real palette you’ve chosen) across the whole site (on the copy) so you can see what it’ll look like.

- Remove some of the spacers on the site so it looks cleaner. These were primarily there to allow the background images to act like content, and are no longer needed.
  - I’ll send you an update when this is ready for your review and we can publish as soon as you sign off. I don’t think square space has a "draft mode" or anything which is weird.

- Do research on how square space wants to do things like product listings. I’d like to set it up so you can update a spreadsheet somewhere and the page will immediately reflect on the site. It’s a good step toward directly linking it with your inventory in clover.

- I’ll also log into clover and see what kind of api they expose and how we might use it to keep your site up to date once it’s reworked.

## What I need from you

- A link to your selected color palette

Thanks,

Ross

Kilonaut Studios
